how to try to pass an ambulance
towards the other side to the road that goes to
municipality of the amparo to the parish the
shelter from here of this municipality
though as what we see in these
moments them the reason why
they were blocking the street in this
moment is because in his opinion they have not
arrived food not enough
food let's talk right now
with one of the spokespersons here of this
village of guasdualito so that we
comment why you decided today
close the street we decide
close the street because they do not take us in
account
we live in the airport sector and not
we have neither water nor food nor detergent
neither sanitary napkins nor diapers nor
medicines or gasoline because the boxes
of gasoline the gandolas of gasoline
14 tractor trailers yet arrived forgiveness of
gasoline and the community here from
airport where there is a bomb
guasdualito do not steal us they take it
payments and there's the victory that's why we're
doing this stoppage because they are not
getting nothing, they take it to
colombia here
not so much food I do not know what they are giving
the food because we have the census I have
270 people in the sector community
the airport and they have not brought us a
market nothing or a pair of boots or a
plastic or drinking water
nothing will be for the children we have them
with dengue I have a special child that
love and I do not even get the
drops of live the same to make him
medicine therapies for the brain because
he is special and he has to take
medicine so you do not get aggressive
here I grab some people to blows
because he sees that situation that does not
I can control then we want the
president help us collaborate and
send us everything we need to me
I have already had an attack because I no longer
I can more people come to my house to
that I help them and I am the sun with the
water neck and not stop the ball
capital calderón purpose think
although Mr. Olive look and tell us
how many people are in it
situation right now here there
thousands of people thousands of people from
my sector we are 270 people more or less
because it's that people have gone to from
health have left their homes because
has covered the water and then as
we do we go to the
road to sleep from the trees the
shore the road because I'm not
auxiliary with nothing here came the
governor and I do not take it into account said
that we were not flooded that were
rainy water and that's pure flood
of the brackish river of the Arauca river
I swirl and we need you to help us
with everything mattress level beds for
the people who lost everything here there is no
nothing everything we have better said finish
because no authority has come
up to this moment lady olive and
we ask and they do not notice because here comes
this the captain reeds and says that
distributed several sectors and live here
at the airport where you see in the
aircraft airplanes fields the
airplanes with food in boots with clothes and
medicines and to us here we have not
seen nor by movies even because
We do not have a list of already good cable
situation that you see at this time
through the globovision screens
directly from guasdualito is the
situation that is lived at this time here
they assure that until now they have
come guard authorities
national cash of the armed force
national to give him support however
this has not been materialized also
they assure that they can be witnesses are
stumbling on this street preventing
pass vehicles as much as people
that come from the shelter and those that go
up there therefore preventing this until
that a person comes some authority and
you come here to offer
well, food and even
non - perishable food
hydration that is what it demands in these
moments them the situation
right now the product
surely of the despair that in
these moments they see that they do not have
no one has come here
as we said earlier of
contacts the accumulation accents here in
guasdualito so far the most
big is the club the periquera and without
But the food they assure that
we arrived or at least not what
enough we're going to be this